NMS-14347: Update formatting & add new terms to glossary.adoc (#4857)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/glossary.adoc

ALEC:: The Architecture for Learning Enabled Correlation (ALEC) is an OpenNMS framework that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide alarm triage.

> ALEC groups related alarms so you can better manage the more complex situations they might represent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALEC groups related alarms so you can better manage the more complex situations they might represent.
(See https://docs.opennms.com/alec/latest/[ALEC documentation].)
```

Application Perspective Monitoring (APM):: A method that uses the Minion infrastructure to monitor a service’s availability from different perspectives to help identify if nodes are down for everyone or if an outage affects only certain sites. 
When a service is not responsive an outage will be generated with the corresponding perspective that sees the outage.

> (See xref:operation:application-perspective-monitoring/introduction.adoc#application-perspective[Application Perspective Monitoring].)

Reviewer: Don't need to include the anchor in the link.
```suggestion
(See xref:operation:application-perspective-monitoring/introduction.adoc[Application Perspective Monitoring].)
```

> Azure:: Microsoft Azure is a cloud-based hosting service that allows users to launch and maintain Microsoft Windows or Linux virtual machines.

Reviewer: It's more than just hosting virtual machines.
```suggestion
Azure:: Microsoft Azure is a cloud hosting platform from Microsoft that allows users to host a variety of different services.
```

Cassandra:: Open-source distributed/scale-out NoSQL database designed to hold large amounts of structured or unstructured data across many servers.

> (See xref:deployment:time-series-storage/newts/introduction.adoc#ga-opennms-operation-newts[Newts].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:deployment:time-series-storage/newts/introduction.adoc[Newts].)
```

(See xref:operation:provisioning/introduction.adoc#discovery-auto[Provisioning].)

Docker:: Docker is an open-source virtualization service consisting of three components: Docker Compose (a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications), Docker Swarm (a tool providing native clustering functionality for Docker containers), and Docker Volume (a tool that allows for the independent persistence of data). 
(See https://docs.docker.com/[Docker (Software)].)

Dominion:: The service on an OpenNMS core that controls the operation of Minions.
(See xref:reference:configuration/minion-confd/minion-confd.adoc#dominion [Configuring Minion via Confd].)

Elasticsearch:: Elasticsearch is a search engine based on the Lucene library. 
OpenNMS persists/forwards certain data to Elasticsearch to store flow records and warehouse events and alarm history for long-term storage of this data.
(See xref:operation:elasticsearch/introduction.adoc#elasticsearch[Elasticsearch Integration].)

Flows:: Summaries of network traffic sent by network devices. 
(See xref:operation:flows/introduction.adoc[Flows].)

Foreign Source:: A data source hosted outside of your local network.

> To monitor a foreign source, you must set a foreign source definition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize monitoring of nodes in a foreign source, you can set a foreign source definition with your desired detectors and policies.
```

(See xref:operation:provisioning/getting-started.adoc#foreign-source-definition[Foreign source definition].)

Helm:: Helm is an an OpenNMS application for creating flexible dashboards to display and customize fault management and performance management data from Horizon and Meridian.

> Helm works with the Grafana analytics program to customize the data you can view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm works with the Grafana analytics program to customize the data you can view.
Not to be confused with the https://helm.sh/[Kubernetes Helm] package manager.
(See https://docs.opennms.com/helm/latest[HELM documentation].)
```

Horizon:: Open-source solution from OpenNMS that helps users visualize and monitor everything on their local and remote networks.
Free, community-driven project includes the latest technology and features delivered through a rapid release cycle.

> IFTTT:: If This Then That (https://ifttt.com/[IFTTT]) service integrates apps, devices, and services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IFTTT:: If This Then That (https://ifttt.com/[IFTTT]) is an automation and workflow service that integrates apps, devices, and services. 
```

> Horizon and Meridian can integrate with IFTTT to trigger actions on other services based on customized alarms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} can integrate with IFTTT to trigger actions on other services based on customized alarms.
```

> (See xref:operation:alarms/ifttt-integration.adoc#ifttt[IFTTT Integration].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:operation:alarms/ifttt-integration.adoc[IFTTT Integration].)
```

Kafka:: Clusterable, open-source message broker designed for high-throughput/low-latency event streaming originally developed at LinkedIn, now supported by the Apache community.

> (See xref:deployment:core/setup-message-broker.adoc#setup-message-broker[Set Up Message Broker].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:deployment:core/setup-message-broker.adoc[Set Up Message Broker].)
```

Use it as an alternative persistence strategy instead of JRobin or RRDtool.
(See xref:deployment:time-series-storage/newts/introduction.adoc#ga-opennms-operation-newts[Newts].)

Operator board:: Customizable dashboard to visualize monitoring information. 

> (See xref:operation:admin/webui/opsboard/introduction.adoc#ops-board[Operator Board].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:operation:admin/webui/opsboard/introduction.adoc[Operator Board].)
```

Provisioning:: The process of getting your devices, applications, and services into monitoring.

> (See xref:operation:provisioning/introduction.adoc#discovery-auto[Provisioning].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:operation:provisioning/introduction.adoc[Provisioning].)
```

Remote Method Invocation (RMI):: Java API that lets one Java Virtual Machine (JVM) running object to invoke methods on an object running in another JVM. 

> RMI integration lets you access Horizon/Meridian through jconsole or remote manage them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RMI integration lets you access a remote Horizon and/or Meridian instance.
```

> RMI integration lets you access Horizon/Meridian through jconsole or remote manage them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RMI integration lets you access {page-component-title} through jconsole or remote manage them.
```

> RMI integration lets you access {page-component-title} through jconsole or remote manage them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RMI integration lets you access a remote Horizon and/or Meridian instance for monitoring and management.
```

> (See xref:operation:admin/rmi.adoc#rmi[Enabling RMI].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:operation:admin/rmi.adoc[Enabling RMI].)
```

Requisitions:: Sets of nodes to import into {page-component-title} for monitoring and management.

> Requisitions can be iteratively built and imported at a later date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can build requisitions iteratively and import them at a later date.
```

(See xref:operation:provisioning/getting-started.adoc#requisition-create[Create a Requisition].)

Round Robin Database (RRD):: Special type of database designed for collection, visualization, and analysis of time-series data.
Data is maintained as a fixed-size circular-buffer that overwrites the oldest data with new data.

> Sentinel:: Karaf container that provides scalability for data processing, including flows, SNMP traps, syslog messages, and streaming telemetry in OpenNMS.
> It also supports thresholding for streaming telemetry if you are using OpenNMS Newts.
> (See xref:deployment:sentinel/introduction.adoc#sentinel[Sentinel].)

Reviewer: Needs some updates to align with the Sentinel Deployment docs that state only flows are supported at this time.
```suggestion
Sentinel:: Karaf container that provides scalability for data processing, including flows, SNMP traps, syslog messages, and streaming telemetry in OpenNMS.
It also supports thresholding for streaming telemetry if you are using OpenNMS Newts.
(See xref:deployment:sentinel/introduction.adoc[Sentinel].)
```

Author: Done; will be included in my next commit.

Snaps:: Self-contained software packages that run in a sandbox and have mediated access to host systems.

> OpenNMS uses snaps to distribute platform binaries, upgrades, and initiate rollbacks.
> (See https://dev.cloud.opennms.com/docs/opennms-cloud/welcome/introduction.html?q=snaps#minion-architecture[OpenNMS Appliance Service - Architecture].)

Reviewer: Is the `dev.cloud.opennms.com` URL meant to be linked for public use at this time?
```suggestion
Our Appliance Service uses snaps to distribute operating system packages and Minion service updates.
(See https://dev.cloud.opennms.com/docs/opennms-cloud/welcome/introduction.html#_software_management[Appliance Software Management].)
```

Author: @Bonrob2, could you confirm this? I did find the info on the dev.cloud.opennms.com site, but can remove the reference for now if necessary.

Reviewer: Plus, this is only relevant in the context of the Appliance Service since snaps aren't part of Horizon/Meridian at this time.

Time series, time-series database (TSDB):: Time series is a sequence of data points that occur in successive order over a period of time.
A time series database (TSDB) is designed to store and serve time series data.

> (See xref:deployment:time-series-storage/timeseries/time-series-storage.adoc#time-series[Time Series Storage] and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_series_database[time series database].)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:deployment:time-series-storage/timeseries/time-series-storage.adoc[Time Series Storage] and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_series_database[time series database].)
```

> Sentinel:: Karaf container that provides scalability for data processing, including flows, SNMP traps, syslog messages, and streaming telemetry in OpenNMS.
> It also supports thresholding for streaming telemetry if you are using OpenNMS Newts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentinel:: Karaf container that provides scalability for data processing of flow data.
It also supports thresholding for streaming telemetry if you are using the xref:deployment:time-series-storage/newts/introduction.adoc[Newts] time-series strategy.
```

(See xref:deployment:sentinel/introduction.adoc[Sentinel].)

> NOTE: Currently, Sentinel can only distribute flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
